Hey, Ronaldinho, let me introduce you
This is my daughter Shining.
Hello sister Shi Ning
What do you do?
I didn't do anything
Practiced dancing for several years
Working as a security guard outside
Dad?
You introduced me to a security guard, didn't you?
I would rather. What would you say?
How else can I speak?
With my family background
Financial sea appearance
Which aspect of ability is not beyond human ability?
You actually introduced me to a security guard
I am your daughter
You humiliate me like this, it's you
To tell you the truth
My crush
It's a hero like Dragon Emperor Egg
You can marry me on the colorful clouds
Let the rest of you off the hook.
It's your sister
You're wrong to say that
Love can be weighed against material things
Think what you want.
But I warn you not to want to eat swan meat
Let's talk slowly, I'm leaving
It's Lin, stop for me